Add candlestick tutorial (#916)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/financial-candlestick-tick-data/query-candlestick-views.md

# Query candlestick views
So far in this tutorial, you have created the schema to store tick data,
and set up multiple candlestick views. In this section, use some 

> example candlestick queries and see how the queries are typically represented
> in visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example candlestick queries and see how they can be represented in data visualizations.
```

<highlight type="note">
The queries in this section are example queries. The [sample data][sample-download]
provided with this tutorial is updated on a regular basis to have near-time
data, typically no more than a few days old. Our sample queries reflect time

> filters that might be longer than you would normally, so feel free to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filters that might be longer than you would normally use, so feel free to
```

modify the time filter in the `WHERE` clause as the data ages, or as you begin
to insert updated tick readings. 
</highlight>

> ## 1-min BTC/USD candlestick chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## One-minute BTC/USD candlestick chart
```

Start with a `one_min_candle` continuous aggregate, which contains

> 1-min candlesticks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one-minute candlesticks:
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM one_min_candle
WHERE symbol = 'BTC/USD' AND bucket >= NOW() - INTERVAL '24 hour'
ORDER BY bucket
```

![1-min candlestick](https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tutorials/candlestick/one_min.png)

> ## 1-hour BTC/USD candlestick chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## One-hour BTC/USD candlestick chart
```

> If you find that 1-min candlesticks are too granular, you can query the 
> `one_hour_candle` continuous aggregate containing 1-hour candlesticks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If yne-minute candlesticks are too granular, you can query the 
`one_hour_candle` continuous aggregate containing one-hour candlesticks:
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM one_hour_candle
WHERE symbol = 'BTC/USD' AND bucket >= NOW() - INTERVAL '2 day'
ORDER BY bucket
```

![1-hour candlestick](https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tutorials/candlestick/one_hour.png)

> ## 1-day BTC/USD candlestick chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## One-day BTC/USD candlestick chart
```

> If you want to zoom out even more, you can query the `one_day_candle` 
> continuous aggregate, which has 1-day candlesticks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To zoom out even more, query the `one_day_candle` 
continuous aggregate, which has one-day candlesticks:
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM one_day_candle
WHERE symbol = 'BTC/USD' AND bucket >= NOW() - INTERVAL '14 days'
ORDER BY bucket
```

![1-day candlestick](https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tutorials/candlestick/one_day.png)

> ## BTC vs. ETH 1-day price changes delta line chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## BTC vs. ETH one-day price changes delta line chart
```

You can calculate and visualize the price change differences between

> two symbols. In a previous example you saw how to do this by comparing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two symbols. In a previous example, you saw how to do this by comparing the
```

opening and closing prices. But what if you want to compare today's closing

> price with yesterday's closing price? Here's an example how you can achieve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
price with yesterday's closing price? You can achieve
```
